Hey Every one.
Welcome to the advanced Python objects test.
So, this will actually be probably a pretty brief test.
But an interesting one.
As always, just go to the advanced Python objects test.
Notebook. You can click the download link on the right.
And fill it in yourself.
I'm just gonna go over the problems quickly
so there's no confusion.
First problem that you're gonna do is convert
the number 1024 to binary and hexadecimal
representation.
Problem two. I want you to round
5.23222 to two decimal places.
That was a lot of twos.
Okay, next moving on the the advanced strings.
Here, I want you to check if every letter in the string S
is lower case.
And, use the methods you've learned in this section
of the course.
Problem four, what I want you to do
is check how many times does the letter
W show up in the string below.
After that, advanced sets.
Problem five.
I want you to find the elements in set one
that are not in set two.
Then, I want you to find all the elements
that are in either set for problem six.
In advanced dictionaries, problem seven.
I want you to create this dictionary right here.
So, note the pattern, what's going on?
And then I want you to use dictionary comprehension
to create that dictionary.
Then advanced lists, just reverse and
sort the list below.
Okay, that's it and good luck.
Honestly, if you're this far into the course,
you may not even feel like you need to be tested, so
if you feel that way, go ahead and feel free
to skip this advanced Python objects test.
But, hopefully it should be pretty straight forward to you.
By this point in the course.
Okay, thanks everyone.